hey everyone today I'm gonna be doing my
these summer favorites for the Elven is
that probably earlier than usual I
usually do my favorites videos at first
like around the first week I've been
following month like usually I would put
this video up like the first week of
January get right into it the very first
thing that I've been obsessed with and I
really wanted to share this with you
guys like as soon as possible because
it's amazing is the sexy hair organics
it's a moisture treatment it's by like
the sexy hair line you know that make
the big sexy hair that curly sexy hair
all those you know the big like red hair
sprays and stuff it's the same line but
it's their news sexy hair Organic sign
which is all paraben free Petro chemical
free paraben free diet free contains 35
percent recycled material but it smells
really good it smells like very natural
reuse like a beta products it smells
kind of like that like very just I don't
know just natural I don't know I just
really really like it and it makes my
hair very soft and I feel like my hair's
been really dry lately I think it's
because the shampoo and conditioner I'm
using right now which is the diamond
dreams BIOS character has so much
fragrance in it and stuff it's kind of
been drying my hair a little bit so I do
like it but yeah and this line sexy hair
organics line is like my new favorite I
want to try the shampoo and conditioner
so I think that's going to be my next
shampoo and conditioner I'm not going to
repurchase that diamond dreams just yet
and I'll let you guys know if you know I
like that and I just love it definitely
check this out I've been using it just
as like a conditioner in the shower like
every other day so instead of using
conditioner I just put this on then I
will you know wash the rest of my body
and then wash this out you know after
that so it is so good so I hope you guys
check that out I promise it's like
really really good
okay I'm gonna test with and for me I've
used a lot of this is the dolce gabbana
number 3 the LM your I don't even want
to try and say it it's a edit ala it's
not perfume technically but for me this
stays on really really well and I've
seen other people review this and talk
about it and they say that it Leigh
doesn't have a good staying power for me
it really really does so I don't know if
it dis reacts differently with my skin
but for me it's a unique scent that I
don't have any other sense that I like
this so I really smell on me all day
long and I have so many
so the fact that I've used this much in
about a month and a half or however long
I got this so this in a haul video so
whatever haul video this has been I've
used so much since then because like I
said I have so many perfumes to choose
from I usually kind of do like one
perfume a week or a couple o B because I
go through like phases but the fact that
I've used so much of this it's just like
I promised it smells so good I can't
even describe the scent well yeah I can
to me it smells like grapefruit it's
very fruity but there's like a spice to
it and I am obsessed with it so it's the
ng number three the bottle is not thank
you but I promise the scent is amazing
okay so another December favorite that
I'm loving right now is the SE SHINee
I'd actually use this a lot I just got
this one though but I have used this a
lot in the past but it's amazing if
you've never used the fu SHINee what it
is pretty much is a polished refresher
that's what it's like um marketed as I
have uses at the top coat I don't use it
as a top coat but what you do with it is
like every other day so you say you pin
your nails on Monday so then on
Wednesday you'd use this on Friday you
use it again it's like a polished
refresher it makes your nails so super
super slick and wet looking like very
shiny and it's supposed to make your
manicure like last longer just turns a
really bright lamp on so I don't know if
you guys like that better but whatever
okay so it works really really good and
yeah I love it you know how sometimes if
you blow dry your hair your nails can
look dull if you go tanning if you wash
dishes or whatever if your nail polish
too starts to look dull after a couple
days it doesn't have that like very
shiny pretty effect then check this out
it's really really pretty
earth this really it works really well
my next December favorite which if you
follow me on Twitter you know I bought
this you guys actually helped me pick
the color because I wanted silver and
gold but should actually ask you for the
silver one for Christmas I think this
video will go up after Christmas so I
guess if I got the silver one I'll let
you guys know but um it's this gold
Michael Kors left and I Twitpic to it
like a while ago and it is so gorgeous I
will put like the model number down
below if you guys want to check it out
um but it's gorgeous it has crystals all
over it look how it's just very very
pretty and face
this is michael kors at the top um yeah
but it just has these crystals all over
it and it's really pretty and I really
want to get it in silver too but yeah so
I'm obsessed with this watch I don't
think I've taken it off well I have but
it's a dressy watch but if you pay or
this is like a white t-shirt chunky
white sweater or skinny jeans or
whatever just have you like this bling
on your wrist to me is like all you need
you know pair of us like pearl earrings
or something I don't know I didn't know
you've really really pretty
okay I feel like I haven't had any
makeup in this video makeup wise I'm
obsessed with this Mac it was a limited
edition so I feel bad putting it into a
favorites video but um yeah it's the Mac
life sabri's lip pencils so it's like a
lip liner and it's from the to the beach
collection so it is so it's edition but
it's like a pink baby pink lip liner and
I love it so much it's almost a natural
shade of my lips and when you line your
lips up it just looks make your lips
look so much bigger and I love the
packaging on this too so I just turned
the weight off because it was looking at
anyway um okay another favorite of mine
this month which is kind of silly
is this N Sync home for Christmas CD I
know it sounds kind of crazy but I have
loved in sync since I was little like
when they were like really big you know
I love in sync I went to like ten of
their concerts and I really mean that
ten I'm not exaggerating
um yes so I love them in this Christmas
CD is my personal favorite Christmas
city out of all of a and I listen to it
every single Christmas it's like a
holiday tradition for me I feel like all
beat up and cracked but it's my absolute
favorite Christmas CD and I love every
single song on it and so I've been
listening to this a lot and there's also
two other songs that are not December
related it's called no hands and as such
whole it's like a rap song so I like
crazy off-the-wall tastes when it comes
to music I love country music I love rap
music I love pop music I love all kinds
of music I don't have like a favorite
genre but this is a rap song and I'm
obsessed with it like when you work out
it's such a good workout song you guys
so if you're wanting to get motivated I
would listen to this song or just I
don't know I just absolutely love this
on it's called no hands and it's by waka
flocka flame I've never heard of him and
chilled this song and I love this love
love love the sound and it's featuring
Rosco - so maybe if you like breath
music you have her - Rosco - bye
yes I should am dead its waka flocka
flame weird name but the song is
seriously amazing and then the other
song I'm obsessed with is grenade by
Bruno Mars I love that song thanks to
Laura she got me like hooked on that
song
I am absolutely obsessed with it it's
amazing and I listen to it like on
repeat
so my huge Starbucks Sam and I've been
obsessed with karma Brule la chaise I've
been obsessed with the white peppermint
mochas like crazy yes so I just really
really really love them I love their
holiday lattes because they're kind of
like limited edition like they go away
after I don't know when but so I'm in
obsessed with us I mean there was I can
no makeup in this video so I'm sorry
about that guys but that was pretty much
the things that I really was obsessing
over this month and definitely were my
favorites so I hope you liked the video
I hope you subscribe if you're not
subscribed and like this video if you
liked it I will also link my Facebook
and my Twitter below and also my new
blogs so if you didn't know I have a
blog I do have a blog it's polish and
pearls calm so I'm gonna be posting my
sub photos interviews and stuff like
that on there so maybe guys check it out
and like it and I'll talk to you soon
bye guys
Starbucks if you follow me on Twitter I
think I'd twit by twit you thought me
yes marketed it market it is as market
it is yes so what it is is what it is is
what it is is yeah okay